
# Asp.Net Core Web Minimal Api (.Net 8)




 ### CRUD endpoints to work with database most popular ways:

 - [Entity Framework Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/)
 - [Dapper](https://www.learndapper.com/)
 - [Ado.Net](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/framework/data/adonet/ado-net-overview)

Other used technologies:
 ## Kibana to analyse logs from application.
 Kibana is a powerful data visualization and exploration tool designed to work with Elasticsearch. It allows you to analyze and visualize the logs generated by your application stored in Elasticsearch. With Kibana's intuitive web interface, you can create custom dashboards, charts, and graphs to gain insights into your application's performance, identify issues, and monitor trends. Kibana's rich set of features includes real-time monitoring, filtering, and aggregation, making it an essential tool for understanding the health and behavior of your application through log analysis.
 ## Redis caching to raise app perfomance
 Redis is an in-memory data store that serves as a caching layer for your application. By leveraging Redis caching, you can significantly improve your application's performance and response times. Caching frequently accessed data in Redis reduces the need to fetch the same data from the underlying database repeatedly, leading to reduced database load and faster retrieval of information. Redis's key-value store allows for quick data access and can handle various data structures, making it a versatile caching solution. By implementing Redis caching, you can optimize your application's performance, enhance scalability, and ensure a smoother user experience.
 ## Seilog to log data to elastic search
Serilog is a flexible and feature-rich logging library for .NET applications. By configuring Serilog to log data to Elasticsearch, you can centralize your application's logs and enable easy analysis and monitoring with Kibana. Serilog supports structured logging, allowing you to log data in a structured format, making it easier to search and filter logs in Elasticsearch. With Serilog's powerful sink for Elasticsearch, log events can be directly indexed into Elasticsearch, making them readily available for visualization and analysis in Kibana. This integration provides valuable insights into your application's behavior, performance, and errors, facilitating effective debugging and monitoring to ensure a robust and reliable application.


## API Reference

#### Get all entities

```http
  GET /api/v1/photos
```


#### Get entitiy by id

```http
  GET /api/items/${id}
```

| Parameter | Type     | Description                       |
| :-------- | :------- | :-------------------------------- |
| `id`      | `Guid` | **Required**. Id of item to fetch |




## Api Features

- Get all 
- Get by Id
- Update 
- Delete
- Create
- Chech for existing
- Health check


## Tech Stack

**Api** 
- Docker
- EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL
- Dapper
- Ado.Net 
- MediatR 
- FluentValidation
- LanguageExt.Core
- Swagger
- Elasticsearch
- Kibana
- Redis
- Redis commander
- Serilog

